and this moral
progress happened in some societies and
not
others and that's a very important fact
the distinction the difference between
the Societies in which it did happen and
in which it didn't happen
are the the institutions that that deal
with ideas the the whether ideas are
thought to be authoritatively derived or
criticized and uh the Societies in which
this progress took place were the ones
that were best that had best
institutionalized
criticism this this idea of a tradition
of criticism is is itself an almost
paradoxical thing like fism itself
because throughout human history people
have lived by tradition and tradition
means doing the same thing generation
after generation whereas criticism means
trying to change things